#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
=Just4Kix: An Image Viewer and Comic Book Reader=

==Introduction==
Just4Kix is a simple image viewer and comic book reader. It supports Image 
Directory, JPG, GIF, BMP, PNG, ZIP, CBZ, RAR and CBR. Just4Kix is entirely 
writtern in Java. CBR and RAR file support depends on availability of unrar 
command in the system.

==Features==
  * Support for directory, JPG, GIF, BMP, PNG, ZIP, CBZ, RAR, CBR  
  * Fullscreen mode  
  * Prefetching of files for good viewing experience  
  * Image manipulation (Scaling, Zoom and Rotation)  
  * Complete keyboard shortcuts  
  * Platform independent  
  * Setting up image home directory(default location to browse directories)  
  * Continue feature to continue from previous exit point  
  * Slideshow

==Running of Just4Kix==
===Dependencies===
  * Needs JDK 1.6 (JavaSE 6). This can be downloaded from http://java.sun.com/javase/downloads/index.jsp
  * Unrar command has to be installed for supporting .rar and .cbr format. In Windows, this comes along with winrar and in Linux, this can be downloaded from http://www.tucows.com/software_detail.html?id=8753. Dont forget to set the correct unrar command and arguments in the setting page.

===Starting Just4Kix===
  * Ensure that JDK 1.6 is installed and java is in your path
  * Run the following command
    {{{
       $java -jar Just4Kix.jar
    }}}
  * Just4Kix starts in Full Screen mode. The keyboard shortcuts that can be used are given below. Also, a pop up menu can be obtained by right click of your mouse button.

==KeyBoard shortcuts==
  * *o* Open a directory
  * *space* next
  * *backspace* previous
  * *pagedown* next page
  * *pageup* previous page
  * *d* zoom in
  * *u* zoom out
  * *r* rotate clockwise
  * *l* rotate anticlockwise
  * *g* go to a page
  * *h* help page
  * *q* quit

==Useful links==
  * http://cbrforums.info/cbr/
  * http://thecomicproject.blogspot.com/
  * http://comic-guy.blogspot.com/

===Enjoy!===





